listened whenever I don't like a movie
but it comes from a director that I
really highly respect I always give them
the benefit of the doubt and go watch it
again in case I miss something something
that changes my mind maybe it's
something that I wasn't focusing on that
I didn't see the first time I aim to see
what they were going for since they've
made masterpieces in the past now I'm
not saying this is a coastal movie or
anything but look after watching it
twice I can say that it's not for me I
know plenty of people who love it and
I'm praying for them but I get that it's
all about the experience you know Luka
wasn't so much focused on these crazy
overarching themes but he was skirting
on the idea of it being more of a
reactionary tow and I can respect that
sometimes you like getting on the raging
bull other times you regret getting on
the giant drop let me explain
so in case you caught Suspiria but
missed hereditary earlier this year I'm
just gonna remind you that that movie is
incredible you should definitely catch
it and it's not even because it has a
more straightforward narrative you know
I loved the experience of watching
movies like mother estoppel enemy
stalker so maybe I just liked those
rides a bit more but Suspiria is six
acts and epilogue and an after credit
scene too long for me so the mythology
of the original trilogy we see that
there's these three witch sisters and
they're deathly hallows each one takes
residence in a particular part of the
world and they kind of hold this
competition towards each other to see
who can spread death and destruction the
most now I don't know how much of the
original lore Luca carries with him he
already did recast the main actors from
the first to play a sort of force ghost
but he's also kind of taking the
annihilation route of basing it more on
emotions and not the actual mythos of
the original story it was an adaptation
which was a memory of the book so
instead of going back and rereading it
and underlining passages I did an
adaptation from my experience of having
read it without going back to the book
and I thought that that was a way to be
faithful to the thing that I experienced
most strongly one which was it's
dreamlike nature so when Lucas we see a
school of witches who run a dance
academy as a front to find new hosts for
their mother Marcos they pretty much do
this dance ritual that perhaps a young
woman's body so that Marcos can take it
over hocus pocus style but the big
choice is that Marcos has been
pretending to be Mother Suspiria when in
reality she's just as Jabba the Hutt
looking thing
that no one's watching ellamy in this
universe so they ain't listening chloë
grace moretz character escapes and this
too just dismisses everything she has to
say
Mia goth escapes with the damn weapon
and he's like oh look hooky
so when Susie comes in as a fresh-faced
they automatically want to make her do
this away dance so that they can
commence the ritual but boy are they
surprised when they realize she's the
real Suspiria
I don't think she was Mother Superior
the entire time because then all of
Susie's flashbacks and nightmares would
make absolutely no sense so I see it as
mother Suspiria using her in order to
get things straight I don't know what
what point she came in to be able to
take over the Academy but at some point
she took over her body more than mr.
gray did so in the plenty of scene of
the movie she straight kills everyone
all of these Friday witches is able to
put down these two so they can rest and
sets order back in the way she wanted it
what I think is interesting is how this
movie is so long yet at one point they
were actually going to make this
Suspiria part one before they infinity
awarded that title so considering that
this movie does have an after credit
scene he may be wanting to make a sequel
the original did have three parts so he
could expand the story with the other
witches Lucas already on the franchise
train with this other one as probably
why Tilda Swinton played three parts so
that she could get a chance to come back
obviously the character of Marcos is
dead so she can't be that one maybe she
could be Blanc or maybe she's Lutz Abers
Dorf brought these people legit made up
an IMDB for an actor that's a character
of another actor pretending to be one
and while I think that's hilarious
I don't get why she ordered a prosthetic
penis for this role I love Tilda Swinton
her and Cate Blanchett are chameleons
and I still have trouble figuring out
who's the better actor of this
generation
but till they look like the Six Flags
guy in this movie she had those bad
grandpa moves going on girls sounded
like Channing Tatum in 22 dangerous
people what happens to her it's what she
have made us believe it's happening to
her there is no wires no nothing
not nothing I am absolutely calling bull
on this one Luca if there was no CGI in
that scene and that lady did all that I
am putting out an Amber Alert for this
actress because I'm pretty sure she's
dead now like I said this movie is
supposed to be an experience and I would
give radiohead score a 5 out of 5 for
that I would give these two scenes a 5
out of 5 for that but there's still like
two hours left in this movie and it's
just not for me sure I know people are
quick to call you an end he intellectual
if you don't like arthouse films but if
the director says the main focus is a
feeling then you know it would be
pretentious to say that you'd be foolish
it would be as dumb as cutting out bits
of a video in order to build a
for Clow and literally repeating the
exact bits you cut out it'd be super
cringe you to tell others that there's
only one way to watch a movie but I
still loved a little period abase right
they're always super interesting there's
a theme of motherhood especially when it
comes to Blanc who at one point resisted
the person who she was supposed to be
serving because of her affection towards
susi we all know our mothers have
favorites
if you don't know how it is then I hate
to break it to you I don't know how I
see the coming-of-age side of it which a
lot of people have seen considering that
the twists at the end kind of
contradicts that there's even the men
metaphor and where they kind of look at
power and you definitely see that with
the era and the news articles and
reports that are out there but there's a
specific points on where a lot of people
look at the man having to be a witness
for the ritual paralleling how many
women's allegations get dismissed unless
there is a man there to verify it and I
think that's a great point I can
definitely see that as being a powerful
statement in the movie that I would 100%
agree with except they don't really fit
in the movie cuz the people running that
ceremony were actually liars that's part
of the reason why Suzie add or erase is
mine but when it comes to the big push
that Luka has been talking about about
wanting to use this movie to empower
women I personally don't think of a
Kovan of bloodthirsty witches when I
think of the powerful women I know but I
get the parallels that witch mythology
has always had with those teams it's
just how many of y'all know about this
lawsuit the one that left Luka going
call me by my lawyer you know when I
first read up on this I thought it was
ridiculous that someone was trying to
claim certain shots like imagine if the
person who created the over-the-shoulder
shot got away with copywriting then we'd
all be screwed but the more I looked
into it this claim made a bigger splash
and I thought not only were there a
bunch of shots presented in the first
trailer that were literally direct
ripoffs from certain artists but even
for those who pretend that they have to
squint because they don't see it brought
my man named dropped these artists as
inspiration and I guess when he didn't
get the sign-off to use their stuff he
just said I'm gonna take it anyway
obviously they settled out accord and
REE edited out of the movie bit like
it's kind of crazy for those of you
wanting to call other people anti
intellectuals for not enjoying this
feminist indie movie at least I know how
to respect intellectual properties but
if the movie hits the emotions that
people are looking for then that's all
that matters who cares if it doesn't
work for me
I know that I can recommend enemy to a
lot of people subliminally but I know
it's not gonna have the same effect for
everyone the same way it does for me
so for Luca if he wanted to recreate the
same emotions of dread and that's
exactly what he got and a lot of people
love that but if we want to talk about a
strong female empowering movie with a
bunch of violence y'all should go watch
widows thank you guys checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section like I
said maybe I'm just a cartoon maybe I
don't understand these things
maybe I listen to interviews and I'm
able to get everything the the director
wanted but maybe because I didn't look
too much into it and made up stuff then
it's not there like I said maybe this
works for you I know that a lot of
people watch the let me explain videos
like I like Bohemian Rhapsody when I
made that video that's like how I start
and it's the middle of the video and
people still got very triggered so I can
definitely see that being here but I'm
curious to know whether a word for you
was it the emotion of it that you liked
the ride what was your favorite scene
are you actually gonna look over it
again I have a poster I'm trying to get
rid of this poster that the press sent
me it was like the the studio had sent
me this thing is creepy as can be so I
don't know maybe I'll see one of y'all
in Chicago or River East give it to you
I'll just leave it there cuz but I've
been hearing noises ever since I got it
here's to know your thoughts down below
in the comments section theories
anything dealing with this movie down
below and until next time don't forget
to comment like and subscribe or